UWorld class documentation (#706)
UE4SS-RE/RE-UE4SS: docs/lua-api/classes/uworld.md

# UWorld
## Inheritance
[RemoteObject](./remoteobject.md)

## Methods

### SpawnActor(UClass ActorClass, FVector Location, FRotator Rotation)

> It's a self-implemented function that is automatically added to every UWorld object by UE4SS.  
> The function uses `UGameplayStatics:BeginDeferredActorSpawnFromClass` and `UGameplayStatics:FinishSpawningActor` to spawn an actor.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function uses `UGameplayStatics:BeginDeferredActorSpawnFromClass` and `UGameplayStatics:FinishSpawningActor` to spawn an actor.  
```
I don't think that this detail needs to be documented here because it's an internal implementation detail that shouldn't affect mod creators.
